hi my name is Flo and Feliz and welcome
to part two of the sound examples of the
base which activity I today I want to
show you how easy it can be when you
have to switch between instruments on a
gig with the base which you can connect
to instruments and you are able to dial
in the perfect balance between both
sounds and volumes so you don't have to
adjust the two of your amp anymore or
unplug any cable in order to change in
an instrument for this demo I have
connected the fretted base to the true
sound channel of the base which and
fretless to channel a where I used to
preamp and thank you as you can see I
just added a bit of treble
I left the upper mids at zero I took out
a booming frequency with a low mids and
added some low-end I also turned down
the volume a bit because the practice
has a slightly higher output than the
other one as for the sound I have
connected my pedal board and I used both
effect loops of the base which so all
the effects are in the signal path which
actually doesn't matter at all as you
will hear the sound quality of the bass
which is still incredible of all the
effects only the compressor the delay
and the loop station are active all the
time
I totally between the filter twin and
the optimizer the rest is true bypass I
record from the DI out of the base which
into an Apogee duet into Logic Pro so